Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, Diana's behind the camera today,
and I have a word for you. So, I'm going
to tell you all some things that have
been on my heart. I got my Amazon
order in. I love to feed my squirrels.
I
love to feed squirrels and I love to
watch them. I told Diana, I
said, "I'm going to go out and
get the squirrels'food all
around."I
was putting it all inside
the feeders. And the Lord spoke to
me and he said to me,
"Brandon, you like to watch
the squirrels."And he said, "I like to
watch you. I like to watch my kids. I
like to bless my kids."And he
said, "Brandon, the squirrels didn't
earn the food. They didn't deserve the
food."He
said, "It was grace that you
did this today for them."And he said,
"What's about to happen in these last
days is going to be my grace poured out
on the people with finances."And he
goes, "It will be to people that you
don't feel in your heart when I tell you
to give to somebody a big money.
They don't treat you right.
They didn't act like they like you,
but it wasn't about you. It
was about me just blessing them through
you. As long as you can keep your eyes
focused on me and attract to deflect,
I'll work through
you."He
said to me,
"It's not always that they deserve it,
and it's not always that they earned it.
It's just grace. And it's not because
they treated you right or they
treated you wrong."He said, "You
give secretly
and I'll reward you openly. The bigger
the checks I tell you to give,
the more it is to die to self because I
will not share my glory with anyone.
It's always
when
you lay hands on somebody in the days
ahead
and they get healed from cancer
or diabetes, and instantaneously they're
like, 'You're my new best
friend,'right?
Because you laid hands on them and it
solved a problem that was killing them,
but it had nothing to do with you. You
are just the person that God used to
distribute the glory, right?
The anointing of his presence
destroys the yoke, but it has nothing to
do with you. You're just a vessel. So,
it's the same way about the finances.
The Lord said to me, 'I'll not share my
glory with anyone concerning healing,
and I'll not share at this level of
where I'm taking certain people with
finances.'And
he said, 'One percent, Brandon, one
percent
will walk in this end-time wealth of
this kind of wealth that I'm talking
about.'And
I've brought that up before
to you all and told you about the one
percent.
But I'm talking about extreme wealth,
extreme wealth, like more than
deca-millionaires.
I'm not talking about you got a couple
hundred thousand dollars in the bank
and you're going, 'Well, you know, I'm
able to have extra in my...'That's not
extreme wealth. That's not like lavish,
like where you go, 'Wow,'to
the world's
standards when the world's looking at
you and going, 'What is going on?
How—what
are they got going on with them?'It's all
about Jesus, you know what I'm saying? You
attract to deflect, and this is what it
will be with finances. And he told me it
will be as precise as listening to him
as a clock ticks
to listen for when he tells you to
invest in something. When I talked about
the pillars, listening to what those
pillars are and when to invest in those
pillars and listening to him and saying,
'Father, not my will, but yours be
done.'But
it's all about being
like—I
want to call it a secret assassin.
You're mysterious.
You walk in and you do the job. You
do the mission for
the government of the Lord. You want to
say it's cool. In the government of the
Lord, you are an ambassador of the Lord.
You work for him. You're doing exactly
what he's told you to do. You're his
hands. You're his feet. You're
maneuvering. You're moving
in that circumstance, and you drop it
and you get out, and it's all about him.
So they're wondering
what happened, what in
the world went on. The glory came and we
don't even know what happened. It
changed the whole atmosphere. The
healing power of God came in. He said,
'Be made whole,'like I was talking
about spirit, soul, and body—the whole
man. It's not just about healing. He
said, 'I'm going to use people for
healings and to restore back what the
cankerworm ate. But I'm not going to
share my glory with anyone, Brandon, in
these last days. And if you can work
with me like that, we'll work great
together.'Just
like the squirrels, they
don't even know when the food's coming,
but I pour the food in there and I just
like to watch them. They're so excited.
They run down the tree and they're
eating and they're filling their
mouths
full. They don't even realize that
there was just grace that just happened.
It was a grace explosion that all that
food was in that little
feeder. And they're going, 'Man, this is
so good.'And they take it and they
run off, and
they don't go and say,
'Thank you, sir,'you know,
waving from the branch.
They just go, 'Man, I just had a really
good day. I don't know where all that
came from, but it blessed my
day.'And
watching that blessing blesses me.
And that's what he said. That's where
he's at. He just wants to see his kids
happy. He just wants to see his kids
happy and he's just loving on them. And
sometimes you just take and you put some
cash in somebody's hand or whatever.
Holy Ghost handshakes. 'How are you
doing, brother? God bless you,'and just
walk away. And they don't even realize
that you gave maybe a couple hundred
bucks or something. You know what I'm
saying? And you just flow that way. But
the Lord was talking about how
whenever it comes down to healings and
demonstrations and the manifestations of
the glory, who is going to be
the elites of walking with him will
always be to attract the glory.
The presence of the Lord brings
the people to you, and then
you push them to him. So I see
the squirrels as how
they're a blessing to me. And I know
that we are not squirrels; we're his
kids. But he was using it as something
to instruct me that day, is that he
said, 'Brandon, I just want you to
know there'll be one percent that flows in this
end-time
wealth transfer of the great
wealth. And I'll not share my glory,
just like I won't share my glory
whenever you pray for somebody and they
try to say, "Thank you, sir."No, it
ain't you. I'm just a vessel. We got to
always keep the main thing the main
thing and give God praise for
everything in these last days. We have
to always be looking at his face and
knowing that he is the rewarder of those
that diligently seek him, not Brandon. I
may write a check. I may be the
distributor of the wealth that
he gave me, but it's always to give God
the praise. And it will be for the
unlikely people. They may not treat you
right. You say, "I don't think they
treat me very good. I don't think
they're very kind to me."And that's
usually probably the ones that he wants
to bless the most. That's why I
thought it was interesting
about the healings, because he was talking
about you'll see healings on people that
are strung out on drugs, strung out, and
they're not the ones that are believing
and going over there in the corner
having all the Bible verses like sister
so-and-so,
and she's all—and she
may be struggling with something. She
might die by something. I don't know.
It's not my job to test the hearts.
All I do is obey. And you go and
he'll say, "Pray for that lady right
there on the side of the road,"and she
could be a hooker. And the power of
God hits her and you go, "My God, she
had a creative
miracle!"And
it was just something she didn't
earn and something she didn't deserve.
It's called grace. And that's exactly
who He is, a God of grace, and He is a
God of love. And you didn't earn
salvation and you didn't deserve
salvation, but it's just His grace. And
He said, 'I love you and I've provided a
way for you that you don't have to go to
hell today.'I'm trying to tell you
that's what He's talking about: the
end-time
wealth transfer of what's about to
happen with the finances. It's something
you can't earn and it's something you
don't deserve, but God said, 'I'm going
to bless you.'And I've seen what's
about to happen again with a glimpse.
As I was lying in bed, I could see over
and I was looking into these
months ahead of what God is trying to do
just for His remnant,
for the people who He just
wants to watch and see. It's
like when you go on Christmas morning
and you've given your kids all these
beautiful presents and you're excited
just to see their expression of the
package that you've wrapped up in a bow,
and they're going to go, 'Daddy, look at
what you got me today!'and they're so
excited and celebrating that present
that they got. And that's what He's
looking at, as a good daddy, for healings
and blessings. And He's going,
'I know, I just love my
kids.'You
know what I'm saying?
When you love your kids, you just do
good things for them. And that's why it even
goes to Scripture. It says, 'If we,
being evil, give good gifts to our kids,
how much more does our heavenly Father
give good gifts to those that love
Him?'And
I just know that my Daddy's a good
daddy. He's a God that rewards those
that diligently seek Him today. And I
thought, as I watch my
squirrels—I
don't want to be a squirrel, but I
want to be a kid that is
just innocently seeking Him and
being hungry after even the corn,
saying, 'Man, I'm just so thankful that
He blessed me today.'So if He asks you
to give a check to somebody or asks you
to pray for somebody that you don't feel
like deserves it,
it's just God saying, 'I just want to
give them a hug today.'It's something
they didn't earn and it's something they
didn't deserve. But sometimes He may ask
you to do something that's uncomfortable
to your flesh, and you think, 'Well, I'd
like to give it to the lady that's over
here that's been praying a lot or
whatever,'but
He's just wanting to love
on the unlovelies.
And
they may have a cranky
attitude; they may have a demeanor
that's just a bad attitude or whatever.
And you may think, 'Well, they don't
deserve this.'But that's just God's
grace explosion.
That's God's grace explosion. He's just
wanting to show that He's a good God.
And I'm telling you, that's what's about
to happen. So, this is just the last
part of this little thing I
have for y'all. I keep seeing the people
moving from major city areas to come to
the country. I keep seeing this
virus. I keep seeing great shaking,
y'all. And it doesn't let up.
I keep seeing waves of it. Praying as we
saw the shooter on the military
base yesterday and so many people got
injured,
folks. We're living in the last of the
last days here. There'll be major
decisions being made even concerning
Judge Torres. And I told you I saw three
new trillionaires. This is—I've never
seen this before. There's usually
hundred-billionaires
or whatever,
big money. But I'm telling you, I
saw trillionaires coming. Now, will they
be—will
that be the only three
trillionaires in the world? Heavens, no!
But it's what the Lord is showing me and
what these men represent. I told you all
it was a Saudi Arabian prince. It is not
a Saudi Arabian prince. My son said it is
the
United Arab
Emirates.
I might have butchered that, but
I'm trying. But that man,
I saw a man that is a trillionaire and
he's heavily invested in a certain
thing. Then Michael Saylor, and I saw
BlackRock—those
three things.
Okay. So I saw in those three things
three new trillion-dollar things that
are about to take place. And I thought
that was interesting because I know
there's other people that have
invested in certain things, but the Lord
showed me these three people. And I
don't know why, but there's a reason.
The Lord doesn't talk just to hear
Himself talk. Ladies and gentlemen, He
speaks to make real things happen in the
real world. And I'm telling you, God is
going to show you things for a strategic
purpose. When it comes to—I said I saw the
76ers,
the Philadelphia Eagles, I saw the New
York Jets, I saw people not going to
major stadiums in the days ahead. Those
are all in the same area.
You would think, 'Well, how would they go
bankrupt, Brandon?'I'm telling you,
there was something that happened. And
then I freaked everybody out about the
trees, the bushes with the
berries for coffee. Now, what causes the
coffee bean shortage? Something happens.
It's either something happens with the
trees, like a pest,
because
I don't want to add to or take
away from anything, but I'm telling you,
when I saw the coffee bean shortage, it
was a major something happening with
these trees, and I saw fires. I saw
environmental issues
coming with the shortage, with drought
and things to do with coffee beans. And
I was like, 'That's interesting,'because I was
driving by a Starbucks and I saw the
vision of a shortage in Starbucks,
and they were shutting down stores
because there was a problem with the
beans. How often does a coffee bean bush
produce coffee beans? I have no idea.
I'm not an expert in coffee. I just come
on here and people are like, 'Oh my God,
I've
got to go buy a bunch of
coffee!'And
I'm like, 'No, that's not what I
said.'I
said, 'I just thought it was
interesting because the Lord shows me
these glimpses when I'm driving around
praying about the babies and the
incubators.'And
the things that I saw
this last time, some of this
stuff was very dark. It was
creepy—the
surrogate baby machines. It was
really weird. So then somebody sends me
a video and says, 'Brandon, you're
seeing right on this, dude. The dude
that's trying to create one of the chips
for the brain is creating the baby
machine.'And
I was like—I told Dian, I
go—and
the Lord said, 'This will happen
in the not-too-distant future.
Some of these things you will see will
happen in the not-too-distant
future.'And
I'm going to say this:
they say, 'Well, should I take the cure
for cancer or the cure for diabetes if
it comes out?'Heavens, yes! Why would
you not? If you're suffering with
something, you're dying of something
and they have it through AI to fix it,
fix it. If it's not a mark in your hand
or in your forehead, or you're saying
allegiance to some kind of entity
saying, 'Oh, I bow my knee to
you'like
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, or any
of Daniel or the lion's den or
whatever,
of course, take it. I'm not saying an
allegiance to the devil, but if I get a cure
through medical science, it's a blessing.
It's like saying I don't want to go to
medical science if they have a cure for
some kind of something, and I don't
want to get a shot or whatever I need to
do to fix that if they have the means
to help you with it. I feel like this is
part of the solution to help people of
what's coming. But it's a bait and a
hook.
They're trying to hook you to get you
desensitized to the beast system that's
coming. Do you reject it? I said you
harness it. You don't embrace it like a
friend; you harness it like a tool.
Does that make sense? You don't embrace
it; you harness it. And you wield
it.
You're
like you're cutting with the saw or
whatever. There'll be things in it
that'll
be a blessing to you in the days ahead.
But ultimately, it will all
lead to destruction.
All of it will. And all we have to do is
ride the wave until Jesus comes. And
know that you don't let it all in your
house and let it start teaching your kids
spiritual things or whatever, or asking
it counsel or advice
about whatever, but you just know it's a
surface thing.
You
touch it like it's hot, and that's
hot. Well, I gotta, you know, I don't
know how else to describe it to y'all
because there's so many people that will
have the cure for something that you're
overcoming and you'll die,
and the Lord's trying to help you. Well,
God is always going to use something
else. I don't know, God's sovereign.
He'll use whatever He wants to
use.
But I'm not going to put Him in a box
and say, "God, you have to do exactly
what I want you to do because this is
what makes me feel
comfortable."I'm
with Him. If it
comes out the cure for autism, you can
know that Brandon Biggs is going to be
standing, the first one in line,
to help my little girl. If there's no
strings attached and they're not telling
me to do something weird, and it's just
like, "You take this and this, and it'll
help your little girl,"you know good and
well I'll be there. You know what I'm
saying? Especially if you've been
overcoming something for so long. I'm
standing by faith. So if God wants to
use it through medical science, then
whatever it takes.
I don't limit God, and I don't put Him in
a box when it comes to things. Ladies
and gentlemen, I know that He is... Whatever
is good comes from God. And if it's a
cure for something, it's coming from... You
didn't get that knowledge on your own.
Even if it's a computer giving it to
you, you didn't get it on your own.
Everything good comes from God, remember
that. And everything bad comes from the
devil. There's no good in the devil.
There's no good in him at all. There's
no bad in God. There's no bad in
Him at all. He is a good God, and the
devil is a bad devil. So if there's
something good that comes out of
something, you know it's a good God that
gives it. But there's never a bad thing
that comes out of a good God.
He's always good, and the devil's always
bad. The devil comes to kill, steal, and
destroy. And the Bible says that
God comes that you may have life and
life more abundantly, to the extreme,
until
it overflows. So, anything that comes
from anything, I'm always going to give
God praise and glory for it, even if
it's coming from AI.
Thank you, Lord, that you can use what
the devil means for bad to turn it for
good in my favor
in finances, in health, and wisdom,
whatever it may be. Goodness comes from
my God. Does that make sense, what I'm
telling y'all? Because I think
people are going to get real flaky about
all this. But am I going to
let a machine be a surrogate for my
baby? Heavens, no! I'm not going to let a
machine... "Well, I couldn't have a baby,
so I'm going to put my egg and my
sperm in there, and we're going to
grow this baby, and we're going to put it
in this lab
thing."No,
that's not the way I'm going to...
Heavens, no! I do not believe that's God.
AI-created
things, splice and genetics,
make what I saw—making one stronger or
making it skinnier or making
better genes in the future and making
blue eyes—I'm not going to manipulate
nature. That's weird. That's demonic.
You know, that's not God at all. I don't
believe that's God at all. You're
trying to play God, and that's a
dangerous thing to do. So,
I saw that, and I saw the
baseball stadiums that will be
called, instead of sporting events,
they'll be glory events. And I'm
excited about that part, and having this
opportunity to bring in the lost for
Jesus. He's given us one last
window—this
last call, this last
window—to
bring in the lost, all for Jesus. Folks,
it's all hands on deck right now. As we
see the earthquakes, as we see these
things, as the days are going to get
darker and darker, it's going to get so
dark that it'll be gross darkness
covering
the earth. But the rest of
the scripture says, "Arise and shine, for
your
light has come, and the glory of the
Lord is risen on us."Because when it
gets darker over there, it's going to
get lighter on us, and Jesus is going to
shine the brightest. And who's going to
be the ones? Just like I told you at the
beginning, the people who don't deserve
it—it's
all about grace. And watch what He
does with the healings and the
demonstrations and saying, "Listen,
I'm
giving you enough money. Now go pay
that lady's mortgage off.
You want me to pay her house off? Yeah,
I want you to go show her my
love and tell her Jesus loves her. Go
pay the house off, or go pay her car off,
or go and buy her a month's worth of
groceries."But
you can't do it when you're broke.
Just like when He came to me and He told
me about the church thing, and I told
y'all about that. He said, "Brandon, I
don't have anybody else to
ask."Isn't
that sad? Out of a church of quite a few
people, there are so many
people that would not listen to Him. Not
that they didn't have it, but they
wouldn't listen to Him and sacrifice the
flesh to say, "Yes, Lord, here am
I."Even
me, I was struggling with it. I
ain't trying to play like I had
everything all together. I struggled
with it, and I was like, "Oh, that
hurts."But
I'm trying so
hard to practice His presence and to be
dead to self, even whenever it's
something that's a significant thing to
us, that we've saved a lot and
tried
hard to put money back. When He
tells us, "Here am I."I'm always
saying it: "Here am I, Lord."Now He
said, "Now it's time you can practice
what you preach. Are you really 'here am
I, send me, Lord,'even whenever you don't
want to be doing what I've told you to
do?"Because
He knows what's going to push
your button, and He's going to test it
and say, "Are they all really in, or is
it just lip service? Are they all
really in? Will they do what I say?
Because
I'm going to say something. I know
that's special to him, and I know he
wants to remodel and do these things,
but I'm going to push on that and see if
he'll do it."Or is
it
like a sponge, and you go up there and
push on that sponge? What comes out when
you push on it? That's exactly what He's
wanting to see. "What happens when I push
on that? Will Brandon do a sacrificial
gift to Me, even whenever it's not
required of him, or will he say no or
yes?"My
flesh said, "Oh, no,"but my
spirit was like, "I'm yielded, I want
to."And
I did ultimately
what the Holy Spirit told me to
do, but my flesh was... But there's so
many people out there that have so much
lip service, but they don't have real
heart service.
"Here am I, Lord, send me.""We'll go to
Africa then.""Uh, I don't think so.
I'll go in my backyard and talk to the
neighbor.""Here
am
I,
Lord, send me.""Go to Asia
then.""I
don't know about that. I could
die.""Yeah,
you could.
Yeah, you could."But if He's telling you
to do it, He said He provided His angels
to take care of you. And if you do
die, to be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord. I know that
there'll be martyrs in the days ahead.
I'm going to tell you this: I saw
martyrs. I saw people dying
for the cause of Christ, but you'll get
the martyr's crown. "Well, I don't want
to die."Well, I believe that He's
always going to protect me, and if He
doesn't, I'm going to be on the other
side. That's why Shadrach, Meshach, and
Abednego said, "I will not bow my
knee,"and
they worshiped the Father, and they
went into the fire, and He took care of
them.
Sometimes you go through the fire, but
you
don't come out smelling like smoke. Do
you understand? Not everything is always
cupcakes and roses, folks. But He's
going to ask us to do the hard things
sometimes. And when the rubber meets the
road, whenever the lip service comes,
will you do what you said you would do?
"Here am I, Lord. Send
me."And
that's what it's
going to take in these last days to say,
"I'm all in.
Here am I, Lord."And I'm telling you,
I'm a work in progress. Diana's a work in
progress. But I want to pass
the test the first time, and I don't
want to keep going around the
house, you know, like the
children of Israel. They went in the
wilderness for 40 years, wandering around
in the desert, doing exactly.
And
ultimately, what happened with that? They
went back to the basics of what He told
them to do the first time: "Go take the
land.""But
we're the size of
grasshoppers.""Go
take the
land.""Well,
we don't feel like we're
adequate."So
a whole generation had to
die off
before they went and took the land. And
there were only a couple of men
from the original tribe that went and
took the land because God had to take a
whole generation and get rid of
them basically through
life before they got a new mindset of
saying, "Hey, we can do this."But the
plan never changed; the obedience did.
"Take the land."And they said, "Well, I
don't know, we can't do it."So you walk
around until you die to self
enough until you can do it. The test
never changed,
the circumstances never
changed—they
did. And He had to have a whole new
generation come in to be able to have
the mentality to say, "We can do this
now."Will
you pass the test the first time, or
will you pass the test the 40
years'time?
But either way, you're not going from
glory to glory. Be obedient to
what He's asked you to do. And He says,
"Write a check to do this.""Can I avoid
it?"Yeah,
you can, but
you're going to keep walking around that
mountain until you do what He tells you
to do. You think, "Well, you know, maybe
He forgot about it."God doesn't forget
about anything. And
there are
no shortcuts. Diana's right.
There are
no shortcuts.
Can I just tiptoe
around this? Write the check and pay
for
the youth building. "I want you to
do that.""But it hurts.""I don't
care, I asked you to do something.""Well,
okay."And
you ignore it,
and you walk around the mountain again.
And He comes around and says, "Hey, it may
not be a youth building the next time.
It may be sister so-and-so's
whatever."And
you go, "That's
painful."And
you might have already spent that
money, but He's watched you build
it again because you've had
your time to walk around that mountain
again. And you're still saying, "Why
have I not gone from glory to glory? Why
would You not entrust me with a million
dollars when You've only entrusted me
with $100,000 maybe, or $10,000, or $1,000,
or $100, and you keep going around the
same mountain over and over
again?""Well,
could you give that $1,000 check?
I need you to give that $10,000
check.""That
hurts. That's a lot of
money."And
you go, "$10,000? Are you kidding me? I
saved
forever for that $10,000."And He
said, "Write the $10,000 check."You go,
"No, I'll give Him
$1,000.""No,
I said $10,000.""Well,
I'll
give Him $1,000."Do you get
what I'm saying? But you'll stay at that
level, and you'll keep going around that
mountain over and over again
until you qualify to go to the next
level for the $100,000, or the million
dollars,
or the $10 million, or whatever.
I'm trying to paint the
picture for you. It doesn't matter what
the financial blessing is. It's
obedience to what He's asked you to do.
Now, the same thing with healing. "I want you
to pray for that lady in line.""No, Lord, here
am I,
Lord, send me.""Pray for the lady
over there.""Well, I know I'm called to
thousands. I'm called to pray for tens of
thousands.""Pray
for the lady in
line.""But
I'm called to 10,000 people. I'm
going to pray, and I'm going to be in an
auditorium full of people.""Pray for the
lady in
line."And
you keep going
around and around until you finally die
to what He told you to die to the first
time. And that's what the children of
Israel did. And I don't want to be 40
years in the wilderness and waste my
whole life at stage one because I didn't
obey at stage one so I could get to
stage two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Does that make
sense, what I'm telling y'all? It's
important that you be obedient to what
He told you to do. When He told me, "Get
out of bed and jump on one
foot,"and
as I obeyed, my hip was healed. As I
went and did what He told me to do, I
was healed. "Run down the hall.""I can't
do that.""Run down the hall."And I
went, "Boop,"it
lifted. "Go down here. I
want you to sing a
song.""Boop,"it
lifted. But it's obedience in the small
little steps that gets you to the major
step. But most people are
stagnant at the first step because they
didn't do one, two, three, four, five. You have to have one, two,
three, four, five
to get to
ten.
You can't skip those stages to get to
ten
immediately and go, "Why is God not
using me and doing what He wanted me to
do?"because
you didn't do the $10 test.
You didn't do the $5 test.
And the only way you're going to get to
the $100 million test is going through one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Does that make
sense? I hope this helps you because
this is just coming straight out of my
spirit to tell you this. There are so many
people who are stuck at stage one that
want to go to stage five and they've
never been obedient. And the Lord said
to me, "It's just like the children of
Israel, Braden. If you are not
faithful with little, I'll never make
you ruler over much. Never.
Never."But
people think He's just going
to forget about it, and God doesn't
forget.
Same thing with when He told me,
"Clean these bathrooms without
complaining.""Lord,
are you ever going to let
me...?""Whenever
you're done and you're
fully cooked, I'll pull you off the
fire.""Okay.
Okay.""Father,
I want to be an end-time wealth
transfer. I want to do all this
stuff."But
you can't be faithful with what He's
asked you to do with $100.
"Well, I'll do it whenever. Boy, if I had
a million dollars in the bank..."I tell
you, the bigger the check, the
more your flesh squirms. It's easy to
give five bucks. It's easy to give $100.
But I'm telling you, when you give more, your
flesh squirms. Trust me, I was there.
What's your chokehold? Where's your
chokehold?
Does that make sense? And the more
He goes, He said, "Brandon, that'll
be easier next time."I said, "There'll
be a next time?
Oh God,
there'll be a next time.""Yes, but it'll
be easier next time.""Okay. All right. I
can do this."So that's
what I had for y'all today. I
thought it would help you like it helps
me. But this is what He's talking to me
about, going from glory to
glory.
How are we going to get there? It
doesn't just happen.
It's through trial, and it's through
testing,
and it's through refining. It's through
growing, and it's not always
comfortable, and it's not always
glamorous, and it's not always
something that's in the spotlight where
people are going, "Attaboy, high
five! Let's do this!"and they're
looking at you going, "I don't like you,"and
spitting
in your face. You know
what I'm saying? Somebody may not like
you, and you may not
like them, but
He tells you to bless them,
right? You just be obedient to what
He's asked you to do.
Just do what He asked you to do,
and you will pass the test. You'll pass
the test. So let's pray together today
and see what the Lord has for us. I
never start prayer without taking
communion first. Never. So I want to
take communion with y'all and jump
right into this river. So Father, I
thank You, Lord, for the body that was
broken for us. I thank You, Lord, that
we're healed by the stripes of Jesus. I
thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed
against us will prosper. And as we take
this communion, Father, and we come up
higher with the fire, Father, we
enter into Your throne room boldly
today. And we thank You, Lord, that what
You've provided for us is all beautiful
grace. You've given us the ability to
get the job done.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the
anointing. I thank You, Lord, that it
destroys every yoke today. And as we
take this body, God, we thank You, Lord.
It's a remembrance of what You did on
that cross for us. Thank You, Father,
that we're healed and whole and well by
Your stripes today, in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the
blood of Jesus over our life today. We
apply the blood and we make much of the
blood. The blood makes much of us. We
plead the blood from the top of our head
to the soles of our feet that we hear
your voice and a stranger's voice we will
not follow today, God, over any visions or
anything we see. We only hear and see
what you have for us. And we thank you,
Lord, we have authority over the demonic
spirits that they will not torment
us in any way. We cover our
minds. We cover our bodies. We cover us
in the mighty name of Jesus. And we give
you all the glory, honor, and praise. And
I plead the blood and I apply the blood
around this room. And I thank you, Lord,
that the angels of the Lord are camping
all around and about us, Father, and
they're bearing us up in their hands,
lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We thank you, Lord. Amen and amen.
Thank you, Lord. Well, let's just pray a
little bit today and we'll pray over
some things and see what the Lord has
for us, okay? And we'll just
worship a little bit here and get
right into the flow of what he has.
Jesus,
I am thirsty.
Won't you come and fill me? Those
earthly things
have left me dry.
Only you can
satisfy.
All I want is more of you.
Thank you, Lord.
Blessed assurance,
Jesus
is mine.
Oh, what a
foretaste
of glory
divine.
I'm an heir of salvation,
purchased of God,
born of his spirit,
washed in his blood.
This is my story,
this is my song,
praising
my savior
all the day long.
This is my story,
this is my song,
praising
my savior all the day long. This is my
story, this is my song, praising my savior
all the day long. This is my story,
this is my song, praising my savior
all the day long.
Father, we thank you that you're coming
soon.
Father, we're anticipating
for you to come and get us soon, Father,
as we try to figure it out with our
intellect of what we go, 'Oh, if it
could have happened here, could it
happen there?'because we're anticipating
you
just like it is on Christmas morning.
Father, when there's so many people that
are anticipating something, it's
something so much greater. You're the
ultimate gift.
As we're dry
and we're thirsty today, and there's so
many people that are so desperate for
just that touch.
They email by the thousands, saying, 'Please
tell us how to get to the water.
How do you get to the water, Brandon?
How do you get to the
water?'It's
a process, isn't it, Lord?
You have to die to self.
You say, 'Lord, here am I,
Lord.'The
process, the process. Father, say,
'Jesus, fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me
whole.'Fill
my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more. Fill my
cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me
whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Amen.
Quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me
whole.
Hallelujah.
Jesus is coming soon,
morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will
surely
sound.
All of the dead shall rise. Righteous
meet
in the sky, going where no one dies,
heavenward
bound.
And
I'm going to cry, I felt his presence.
And Jesus is coming
soon, morning or night or noon. Many
will meet their doom. Trumpets will
surely
sound. All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky, going where
no one dies, heavenward bound. He's
coming.
He's coming.
As we ask you, Father, to fill our cup
today,
as we sit at your feet today, knowing
that there's nothing this world has to
offer other than you. Everything is
so—it
dies. It's so lifeless without you.
Only the thing we can get,
Lord, is what we can get from you,
Father, and that is eternal,
spiritual; it never dies.
It's always living, it's always
growing. The word of God
changes us from the inside out.
Thank you, Father, for these times.
Thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to
worship you again. Again, Father,
that we'll not let the rocks do our job
today, Lord.
It's
said if we don't praise you, Lord,
the rocks will cry out.
And Lord, we take that time today
to do our job, Father, to worship
you, to give you honor and glory, to
come to your throne boldly
and say, 'Father, here am I, Lord.
I have all this stuff going on, Lord. I
have all these issues. I've got it all,
but you don't see it all because of your
blood.
And you wash me and you cleanse me and
you make me right.
As I come up and sit at your throne, you
put that new garment on me and you say,
"I've got a plan for your life. If you
just listen to me."'Time and time again,
Lord,
you always have that perfect plan. You
always have that perfect place
that's seated with you, Father, in the
heavenlies, far above all principalities
and powers.
You say, 'Come up higher. Come up higher.'We
come up
higher,
Lord.
We come up higher, Lord.
We desire the fire, Lord. As we come up
higher,
we come up higher, Lord.
We come up higher, Lord.
We desire the fire, Lord.
Fill our cup, Lord, with that Holy Ghost
flow, that river that flows from that
fountain.
There is a fountain
that flows deep inside.
Come to the water
that never shall run dry.
There is a vast supply.
When the weight of that
comes in,
it's so beautiful.
Come to the fountain
that flows deep inside,
that never shall run dry.
Oh, come to the fountain
that flows
deep inside.
Jesus.
Jesus,
there's just something
about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus,
like a fragrance
after the rain.
Jesus,
let all heaven
and earth
proclaim:
kings
and kingdoms
will all pass away,
but there's something
about
your name.
Jesus.
Jesus,
there's just something
about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus,
like a fragrance
after the rain.
Kings
and kingdoms
will all
pass away,
but there's something
about
your name.
Jesus.
Jesus,
there's just something
about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus,
like a fragrance
after the rain.
Jesus,
let all heaven
and earth
proclaim:
kings
and kingdoms
will all
pass away,
but there's something
about
your name.
Wonderful,
merciful Savior,
blessed Redeemer and friend.
You are the one that we praise.
You are the one we adore.
You give us strength,
our hearts always hunger for. Oh, our hearts always hunger
for.
You are the one that we praise.
Hallelujah.
Lord, we love
you.
Lord, we love you. Lord, we love
There's healing in here today. I feel it
right now.
Lord, we praise
you.
you. I rebuke the sickness right now. I
rebuke the sickness right now. I tell it
to go from their bodies in the name of
Jesus. I tell it to go from their bodies
right now in the name of Jesus. From the
top of your head to the soles of your
feet, you're healed and whole and well
in the name of Jesus. Let the Holy
Spirit flow through you and deliver you,
deliver you from all of your sicknesses.
Go now in Jesus'name. Ministering
spirits, Holy Spirit, we ask you right
now, right now flow through this camera.
Angels of the Lord, go right now and
bring the body parts, whatever they need,
from the top of their head to the soles
of their feet, coming out of those
storehouses in heaven, restoring all
that the cankerworm has eaten. We call
you healed and whole and well right now
in the name of Jesus. Every area of your
eyes is being opened right now. I see
eyes being opened. I see cataracts
being dissolved right now in the
name of Jesus. In your eye, I see
cataracts. Oh, glaucoma is being healed
right now in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah! You're being healed right
now from the top of your head to the
soles of your feet. Degenerative eyes,
degenerative eyes in all of the eyes. I
see eyes being restored in the name of
Jesus flowing through this
camera right now to your home.
Everything you need with the eye, I call
you healed and whole and well in the
mighty name of Jesus.
We call it healed and whole and well in
the mighty name of Jesus.
There's something with the gland of the
eye. I see it right now concerning the
eye and the tear ducts. With clogged tear
ducts, it's coming unclogged.
Blockages are being
unclogged right now in the name of
Jesus. Right now, receive your healing.
There's a healing of the eye and the
tear duct right now. You're being
healed. I see it.
It's like pink eye. There's some kind of
infection there. It's being healed in
Jesus'name.
Be healed. Be healed and
free from that eye deterioration. Oh,
Father, we thank you, Lord. All in there
in the eye. All in the iris. Detached
eyeball. Detached retina. Detached
deterioration of the eye. We call
healing and wholeness and wellness over
that eyeball right now in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. The cones, the cones,
all of it. We call restoration of it. Blinded eyes are
opening right now.
Blinded eyes are opening right now.
Believe, believe, believe.
Improving of sight. Improving of sight.
Where you could take the glasses off,
move them up, and move. Act in faith
right now as you're looking and
watching this. Act in faith.
Just say, 'I believe. I receive. I
believe, I receive.'God is meeting you
at the point of your need right now.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Jesus,
that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior,
living word,
Emmanuel,
God is with us.
Blessed redeemer,
living
word.
Jesus,
that name above all names.
Do you believe it today? Beautiful
Savior.
What did you see?
Breathe it in. I saw the word
'breathe'.
I heard Him say something to you. He
said, 'Breathe it in.'His living word.
His presence is here.
Emmanuel,
God is with us.
Blessed redeemer,
living word.
He's my blessed redeemer.
He's my blessed
redeemer.
He's my living word.
The fire is here. The fire is here. The
anointing that breaks
every single yoke has come to set the
captives free today. If you'll receive
it today, right where you are, the
yoke-destroying,
burden-removing,
yoke-destroying
power is
flowing on the inside of you today.
Right now. Oh, Father, we love you. Oh,
Father, we glorify your name.
We glorify
your name.
your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit,
we love
you. We praise you. We adore
you. We glorify
your name in all the earth.
We glorify
your name.
your name in all the earth.
We magnify
your name.
your name
in all the earth.
Oh, we magnify
your name.
We magnify
your name
in all the earth.
Conditions with the brain. Conditions
with the brain, hormones of the brain,
conditioning of the brain is being
healed right now. I see a brain and
there's things with the brain that are
being healed right now.
All the yoke of bondage, there's
been a band on your head. I see
a band, and the band is being broken off
of your head. It was sent there
through satanic practice
and it's been a torment around your mind
for quite some time. And the Lord said
He's delivering you right now from this
band that's on your mind. It feels like
a band. It's breaking off
right now in Jesus'name. It's been sent
there. It looks like a brown,
rusty-looking
band,
and it's been brain fog and
brain things going on with your brain.
The way you think, torment with anxiety,
there's something there. It's breaking
off of you right now in
Jesus'name.
This band, I see it being taken off
by angelic forces. They're breaking it
off of your mind. So, Diana just saw in
the spirit when I started
calling out for the brain, and I
saw
over in the brain. Diana saw a
blonde woman with a ponytail, and she had
bangs in her face, and she said, 'I see
this woman.'So, receive it right now. I
know there are multiple different
people, but the Lord wanted to get
this individual person's attention. And
you're a blonde woman with bangs
and a ponytail. And I'm telling you,
Jesus is setting your mind free, ma'am.
You just need to believe and receive it
right now where you are. But whoever
needs this with the mind, don't
just limit it to that woman. I'm telling
you, God's setting you free right now of
mind disorders, mind things bound. It's
like a bound of demonic thing over your
mind. Be free by the blood of the
Lamb in the name of Jesus. It's time.
Today's your day. Expiration date when
it comes to the mind. I receive it. I
receive. I receive. Just say it: 'I
receive. I receive.'All things are
possible to him who
believes.
And nerve endings,
nerve endings, nerve endings are being
healed right now in Jesus'name. Nerves
are being healed right now in
Jesus'name.
Hallelujah. Believe for it. Maybe
with shingles. Shingles
are being healed right now. I see that.
I saw it right there when she said
nerve endings. I see shingles being
healed right now in Jesus'name. Receive
your body being healed from those
nerve endings, the
shingles, being torment and pain being
lifted off of you in
Jesus'name.
Father, we worship you. We worship you,
Father. We worship you. We worship you.
We worship you. Hallelujah. We glorify
your name.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord.
Healing and demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory. Healing and
demonstrations and manifestations of the
glory.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Do
you believe it today? Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
That's amazing because the last couple
of
times have been about healings. The Lord
is just really increasing in that,
believing for your miracle right
where you're sitting. Right where you're
sitting. Deliverance from demonic
strongholds.
You may be sitting there and you go, 'I've
had this addiction for so long.'Jesus
sets
the captives free.
I heard that right then. You
know the truth, and the truth will set
you free. Get the word of God
pertaining to what you're believing for
with mental things, and
renew your mind to the word even more so
that this doesn't come back. Renew your
mind to the word. Find scriptures.
Second
Timothy 1:7, that's a good one.
'For God has not given us a spirit of
fear, but of power and of love and of a
sound,
well-balanced mind.'Find scripture. 'I
have a balanced mind. I have a sound
mind. I have a mind that's focused on
Jesus. My mind is healed and whole and
well. I have a sound mind. God has not
given me a spirit of fear, but of power.
I have a spirit of power and of
love and of soundness.
I'm sound in my mind. I ain't
crazy.'Some
people say, 'Oh, you're crazy.'No, I have the
mind of Christ.
Does that make sense? You've got to find
that. But not only do you memorize it,
you read it and you get it through the
eye gate. Your soul is mind, will, and
emotion.
Renew your mind to the word of
God today
to what you're believing for. Thank you,
Father. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
He is Jesus.
It is Jesus.
It is Jesus
in this place.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we give you glory, honor, and
praise. Father,
it is Jesus.
It is Jesus. It is Jesus.
I heard to sing this song. Okay.
'I believe
in miracles.
I've seen
a soul
set free.
Miraculous,
the change in one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up
through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles,
for I believe in
God.'Do
you believe it today?
Sing it softly. 'I
believe
in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous,
the change
in
one
redeemed
through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up
through the stubborn
sod.'I
believe in miracles,
for I
believe in God.
Thank you, Lord.
There's glory all around.
I keep seeing into the fall.
As I'm
singing,
I see the fall again. I see fall. I
see the trees.
There's so much change coming in the
fall.
It's a time that will be to rest it all,
a refreshing coming to my bride,
for I have great things in store for
them.
There's glory all around.
I feel the touch
of
angels'wings.
I see glory on each face.
Surely
the presence
of the Lord is in this place. He said
this right whenever I started singing
that and I could see
concerning finances. He said, 'Ask
big,
ask big.
Ask me big and I'll provide it. There's
nothing too big and there's nothing too
small. Ask me big today. Breakthrough
is
coming for a lot of you.
I see it going into the fall. I'm
telling you, great breakthrough.
Things that have been
prolonged for years and years and years
will suddenly be gone. And you'll look
back and say, 'Look at what the Lord has
done.'Oh,
Diana,
I see it is so beautiful.
And he said, 'Believe for the
suddenlies.'There's
glory all around,
and all who see must stand, and all of
miracles abound.
I believe
in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous,
the change in one redeemed
through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up
through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles,
for I believe in God. He said, 'Don't
always believe for far-off,
Brandon.'He
said, 'Believe me for the now. I'm just
showing you a period of beautiful things
that I'm about to do.
Believe me for today, but know that I
have there. It wasn't for you to live in
trial all your life. It wasn't for you
to live in believing for some
things you've been believing for your
whole life. Do you understand? There's
an expiration date.'He says,
'As they went, they were
healed.'I
see a prolonged season of great
grace and blessing on your lives. It
won't just be for a one-day event.
This will be a season where you've
sowed and sowed, and there will
be a season of reaping.
I want you to hear what the Spirit of
the Lord said. There'll be a season of
reaping coming, a season of great
harvest coming. And the harvest,
it's been years of sowing, and now
there'll be years of reaping. There'll
be a time of reaping.
Do you understand? The harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few. But
even whenever it comes to financial
blessing and healings and demonstrations
of his glory, it's been a
dam,
and it's all been stored up, and now it's
being released. Does that
make sense, what I'm trying to tell
y'all? That's what I see. It's
been held up, and now the dam is
bursting
forth. And I'm saying a
season of great overflow blessing is
coming on your life.
Believe God for big. Make your list of
everything you're believing God for
today. Make a list and take communion
over it, of everything that is
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you'd ask or think and say, 'Father, this
is what I'm believing
for.'Like
we say, 'I'm believing for a house. I'm
believing for a car. I'm believing for a
job, a better job. I'm believing for my
marriage to be restored. I'm believing
for my kids who are wayward to come
home. I'm believing for this
healing,'or
whatever, and put the vision
in front of you
so that you can see it
and claim it. I will take everything the
Lord has for me.
I will
lack no good thing. Make that list out
and believe God for big. Today we're
believing
for a vacation. I'm believing for
a hot rod or whatever, I don't know,
a designer purse.
I saw a purse when I was praying.
Believe God. It doesn't have
to be just materialistic, but I'm
saying believe him for what you
thought was impossible.
Stretch out and believe for big.
Somebody might be believing for
something that's so over the top you
go, 'Well, God's not going to
do that.'God will do it. Believe for... I
heard him say, 'Believe for
big.'You
might be believing for a jet
or a helicopter or something, a yacht, I
don't know, but believe for something.
I saw a
season of great harvest.
Everything that you've sowed, it's
time for the seeds you sowed in
the past to come to harvest at last.
Believe him for breakthrough today.
I saw it, Diana. It was
beautiful. I could see it was like
Christmas morning. People were just so
excited about what God is bringing them
in these gifts. And you'll look back and
you'll pinch yourself and go, 'What I've
been believing for is in my
now.'It's
time to believe what you've been
believing for by faith, to receive it,
and it's in the now. Tangible,
like healing. Healing for Megan
in
the now.
She's sitting right next to me: 'Daddy,
I want to tell you about what happened.
It's going to happen.'Well, praise the
Lord, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for
joining us today. I just felt the
presence of the Lord. I was sitting here
and I know I had my own little
moment there that you probably won't see
on the camera, of course, because I was
seeing some things concerning Diana's
and my
life, and I paused because I was
thinking, 'You're showing me things about
us, and I am definitely not saying this
out on the video right
now.'And
so I paused it, and you're not seeing
that part, and I'm coming back after that
was over. And I just had
some instruction for our ministry
and what God's calling us to do. And so
I'm very grateful for when the Lord
speaks to us. I'm very grateful he gives
us these times of refreshing that
come on here and just get a big hug. I
pray these videos bless you. I really
do. I pray healing flows through your
home like a river, that it's time for
restoration,
that there are seasons of
great harvest. It's time to break out of
the
mentality of 'we've been believing for so
long'and
it's time for the restoration
of all things. It's time, ladies and
gentlemen. God is a rewarder of those
that diligently seek him. And he
is able to do exceedingly abundantly
above all that you dare ask or think.
So, I'm so thankful that you would spend
your time with us, that you would come
and sing with me and listen to what I
had to say at the beginning. It's a
blessing. I hope you get
refreshed when you come here.
If you could like the video, subscribe
if you haven't subscribed, please click
the notification bell, click all the
thumbs up and all the things that you
can do to help us with the algorithm. I
know YouTube's thinking about changing
some things, so being
subscribed is very important for our
channel to promote us and get us
throughout the whole world because
there's a lot of you that are
watching throughout the whole world.
And thank you for all the love you've
showed my family lately. Thank you.
There's so much
kindness, there are so many nice emails.
Thank you for all the little
likes and
all the things that you do, commenting down
below, the Super Thanks, and all
the things. Y'all are so kind to us.
Thank you. God bless you. I never
want to take that for granted. Thank
you. So, we'll end the video there. I
feel so refreshed today after that. That
was so wonderful. I said, 'Lord, thank
you. I needed it.'You know, when you
have seasons that
you feel that you're
always in warfare, and the Lord says there
are
seasons of peace, there
seasons of joy. It's not meant for my
people to always be in the fight
like that. There are seasons of
refreshing and blessing that he wants
you to take that drink of water where
we
always feel like we're
maintaining the fort, but God says
it's time to breathe. Enjoy your
life, ladies and gentlemen. He wants us
in this season of revival that's coming.
Yes, we're going to see darkness, yes,
all this stuff, but he wants us to have
fun and enjoy ourselves. So that's what I
have for y'all today. God bless you all,
and thank you for joining me. Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you and we'll see
you again soon. Bye-bye.